Translation corrections (#342)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/kake_067.txt

	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s20/00/vtk2_sakagu2003", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「どうして、報道各社への捜査情報の公開を、この岩谷容疑者の殺害事実のみに限定するんですかっ？」",
			NULL, "\"Why are you limiting the information released to the press to the facts of the murder that Iwatani is suspected of committing?\"", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//坂口rvS20/00/VTK2_sakagu2004.「被害者の素性や、彼女の薬物使用の痕跡…そして、このバックに控えている連中の動きも、マスコミに開示するべきでしょう？！」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#f5e6d3>坂口</color>", NULL, "<color=#f5e6d3>Sakaguchi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s20/00/vtk2_sakagu2004", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「被害者の素性や、彼女の薬物使用の痕跡…そして、このバックに控えている連中の動きも、マスコミに開示するべきでしょう？！」",
			NULL, "\"Shouldn't we disclose to the media the victim's identity, the evidence of her drug use... and the actions of the people involved in the background of that?!\"", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//巴rvS20/28/VTK2_tomoe2006.「バック、とは…どれのことを指すのですか？」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#9d7f69>巴</color>", NULL, "<color=#9d7f69>Tomoe</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s20/28/vtk2_tomoe2006", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「バック、とは…どれのことを指すのですか？」",

> 			NULL, "\"In the background...? What scope of background are you referring to?\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"In the background...? What scope of the background are you referring to?\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#f5e6d3>坂口</color>", NULL, "<color=#f5e6d3>Sakaguchi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s20/00/vtk2_sakagu2008", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「実際ネットでは、その内情を邪推する連中によって岩谷由美が薬物を服用していたのではないか、という話題で賑わっています！」",

> 			NULL, "\"In fact, the internet is full of people asking whether or not Yumi Iwatani took drugs due to those who suspected the truth!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"In fact, the internet is full of people speculating about whether or not Yumi Iwatani took drugs!\"", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"Really... people on the internet are very good at information gathering.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s20/28/vtk2_tomoe2008", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "自宅に引きこもっていないで、マスコミ業界に就職するとか、配信会社を立ち上げるとかすればいいのに」",

> 			NULL, " It would be nice if they applied their talents by reporting for the press or starting up their own streaming companies, instead of spending all their time locked at home.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " It would be nice if they applied their talents by reporting for the press or starting up their own broadcasting companies, instead of spending all their time locked at home.\"", Line_Normal);
```

//rゆえに坂口はおろか、まだ職歴の若い職員たちも驚きに目を見開いていた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "ゆえに坂口はおろか、まだ職歴の若い職員たちも驚きに目を見開いていた。",

> 			NULL, "And so, Sakaguchi and other young employees their eyes open wide in shock at the idea.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "And so, Sakaguchi and the other young employees had their eyes open wide in shock at the idea.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#9d7f69>巴</color>", NULL, "<color=#9d7f69>Tomoe</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s20/28/vtk2_tomoe2047", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「悪どいことを考えているやつらは、犯罪行為のその先まで読んで動いている。",

> 			NULL, "\"Those considering doing wrong plan for what happens after they commit their crimes.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"The people considering wrongdoings plan for what will happen after they commit their crimes.", Line_WaitForInput);
```

			NULL, "\"It's true that we're taking a political approach here.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s20/28/vtk2_tomoe2053", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "…だから、それを逆手に取ってやるの」",

> 			NULL, " ...So, we use that against criminals.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " ...So, we'll use that against the criminals.\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#f5e6d3>前野</color>", NULL, "<color=#f5e6d3>Maeno</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s20/00/vtk2_maeno2004", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "『…なんか、広報室に来たばかりのお前さんを思い出すな。",

> 			NULL, "\"...Reminds me of when you first started at the Public Relations Office?", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"...Reminds me of when you first started at the Public Relations Office.", Line_WaitForInput);
```
